usage: reword build (#432)
tinygo-org/tinygo-site: content/docs/reference/usage/subcommands.md

TinyGo tries to be similar to the main `go` command in usage. It consists of the following main subcommands:

### build

> Build compiles the packages named by the import paths, along with their dependencies, but it does not install the results.
> The generated file type depends on the extension:

Reviewer: Nit: right now TinyGo only supports a single import path.
```suggestion
Build compiles the package named by the import path, along with its dependencies, but it does not install the result.
The generated file type depends on the extension:
```
